feat: Support latest version of boto3 (#98)
hastexo/tutor-contrib-backup: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * [Enhancement] Support latest versions of boto3; include the `request_checksum_calculation` setting for s3 client.

Reviewer: I don't think it's particularly important what the internal configuration option name for the S3 client is; rather, the changelog should reflect the new config option that *this plugin* supports. Thus:
```suggestion
* [Enhancement] Support latest versions of boto3; include the `BACKUP_S3_REQUEST_CHECKSUM_CALCULATION` configuration option.
   Defaults to the value of `S3_REQUEST_CHECKSUM_CALCULATION` as set by the `s3` plugin.
```
